Update v-bind.md to complete the incomplete sentence (#500)
vuejs/docs-next: src/guide/migration/v-bind.md

## Migration Strategy

> If you are relying on this override functionality for `v-bind`, we currently recommend ensuring that your `v-bind` attribute is defined before an identical individual property

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are relying on this override functionality for `v-bind`, we currently recommend ensuring that your `v-bind` attribute is defined before individual properties.
```

Author: Yeah you're right. Made those changes. Thanks!
